docs(DockManager): Add missing UnpinnedChanged event (#3184)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/dockmanager/events.md

## VisibleChanged

The `VisibleChanged` event fires when the user tries to hide a given pane. You can effectively cancel the event by not propagating the new visibility state to the variable the `Visible` property is bound to. This is the way to cancel the event and keep the pane visible.

## SizeChanged

> The `SizeChanged` event fireswhen the `Size` parameter of the corresponding pane changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SizeChanged` event fires when the `Size` parameter of the corresponding pane changes.
```

## UnpinnedChanged

> The `UnpinnedChanged` event fireswhen the `Unpinned` parameter of the corresponding pane changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UnpinnedChanged` event fires when the `Unpinned` parameter of the corresponding pane changes.
```

## UnpinnedSizeChanged

> The `UnpinnedSizeChanged` event fireswhen the `UnpinnedSize` parameter of the corresponding pane changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `UnpinnedSizeChanged` event fires when the `UnpinnedSize` parameter of the corresponding pane changes.
```

## OnPaneResize

> The `OnPaneResize` event fires when a pane is resized, except unpinned panes. It lets you respond to that change if needed - for example, call the `.Refresh()` method of a chart or otherwise repaint a child component in the content. You can also use it to, for example, update the saved [state](slug:dockmanager-state) for your users.

Reviewer: The first sentence sounds very unclear. I recommend revising it for clarity and better readability.
